# Guide to Developing Java Plugins - Apache Maven Project
https://maven.apache.org/guides/plugin/guide-java-plugin-development.html

# How to Create a Maven Plugin - Baeldung
https://www.baeldung.com/maven-plugin


# Retrieve version from maven pom.xml in code- StackOverflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3697449/retrieve-version-from-maven-pom-xml-in-code

# Class MavenXpp3Reader - JavaDoc
https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.2.5/maven-model/apidocs/org/apache/maven/model/io/xpp3/MavenXpp3Reader.html

# Maven Model - Model for Maven POM (Project Object Model) - MVN Repository
https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.apache.maven/maven-model

# Build Models - MVN Repository
https://mvnrepository.com/open-source/build-models

# Maven Model - Apache Maven Project
https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.9.4/maven-model/

# Apache Maven 3.x - Apache Maven Project
https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.9.4/

# Maven Artifact - Apache Maven Project
https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.9.4/maven-artifact/

# Class ComparableVersion - Apache Maven Project
https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.9.4/maven-artifact/apidocs/org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/ComparableVersion.html#equals(java.lang.Object)

# Maven Model Builder - Apache Maven Project
https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.9.4/maven-model-builder/index.html

# Introduction to the POM - Apache Maven Project
https://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-the-pom.html

# Class MavenProject - Apache Maven Project
https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.2.3/apidocs/org/apache/maven/project/MavenProject.html

# ComparableVersion.java - maven-artifact - GitHub
https://github.com/apache/maven/blob/master/maven-artifact/src/main/java/org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/ComparableVersion.java

# damianszczepanik / maven-cucumber-reporting - GitHub
https://github.com/damianszczepanik/maven-cucumber-reporting

# ajavageek / minify-maven - GitHub
https://github.com/ajavageek/minify-maven

# ehur / zuss-mojo - GitHub
https://github.com/ehur/zuss-mojo

#  KnisterPeter / rename-file-maven-plugin - GitHub
https://github.com/KnisterPeter/rename-file-maven-plugin

# github / maven-plugins - GitHub 
https://github.com/github/maven-plugins

# Class MavenProject - Maven ApiDoc
https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.2.3/apidocs/org/apache/maven/project/MavenProject.html

# apache / tomcat-maven-plugin - GitHub
https://github.com/search?q=maven-plugin&type=repositories&p=3
